Hi! I'm Jesse and this is how I got set up with free remote access to all the
e-books and articles provided by UCR Library using VPN on my Macbook. First,
let's talk about why we need to use VPN from off-campus. When you're off campus
websites don't necessarily know that you're a Highlander. This means that if
you try to access an e-book or article in a database or on a website, you might
not be able to get the full-text, you might get an error message, or the
website may even ask you to pay a fee. Don't pay that fee! To see if you can get
that book or article through UCR Library, you can set up your computer
with VPN. This gives you a chance to type in your UCR login ID and show the
internet that you're a Highlander! Once you are set up, you'll have access to
millions of resources paid for by UCR Library. This includes ebooks, articles,
videos, music, and all sorts of things. Here's how I did it. First, I went to the
library website at library.ucr.edu. Under "using the library" and under
"technology and equipment", I clicked on connect from off-campus. To choose VPN, I
clicked "follow these instructions". I use a Macbook so I chose MacOS. After that,
I followed these directions to get set up. Let's walk through it together.
For more information on how you can get set up with remote access to everything
UCR Library has to offer, visit library.ucr.edu and click on
"connect from off-campus"